cellectis capture the origins of the duo poupou
for his ideals 1
which surprises
the gameplay on search and destruction
is it 19 4 47% he did you preferred to mention the leader
a goal the mayor
indeed by this gameplay engineering specialist to look at 6%
pronounced enough blaise never makes you kill
20h is quite discreet all my heart resistance there was a little bit of
solutions
There you go
this change like these niches what I ever have if ever
but this season the seventh seventh victor Julian cleric
we have in his hands
it's also what little things to talk about over
what I really wanted
monseigneur and where he says the German giant I know it's the
copy of my friend et cetera et cetera you already know
password no more French
so that's what I wanted to tell you it's a fact we thank
for 3000 subscribers so it's not that it made him a day
and a goal
it makes me extremely
extremely pleasure in principle I never created
that the sky is upscale like that we also remember to avoid that
it's been about 30 three and a half months that these machines itunes and its
3000 subscribers
so I really want to go up
paris afp - dominique de villepin said he was convinced his audience
we have the right to silence to lead
so thank you so much
speaking of departure, the one that went back to Belgium
that I ask that the sentence started on youtube
e you have
do something to help you i'm putting in place some
percent ideas of the country's debt
but a little series somehow
but I will find a way to help the Ardennes
a plus to win more worried about movies which mean video games
France took power if this moment came to announce a number more
bigger in the nose
his eyes if I can do a little something for you help base
fresh so she does not know what I'm going to do yet but i'm going to find
Something
so we did a good 10
I am very very very very thank you
the first subscribers
these are 900 each a lot for everyone you're right we finally
subscribers to the chain
it's everyone who got the idea at the ctia boni who siéra video that leave
comments and so on and so on
insistent 3 1 points he did not support next season
tonight is also what I can say
m
while I also wanted to say that
I will not do any special among the civilians
it sucks to finish I said to myself and I will wait and 3000 to 5000
subscribers
and I'm going to do something really special, maybe it's okay
do something
French substitutes
I think it's going to be something in fact
Alas
that's what made his wife say if we do not know yet what I'm going
make a big shot of the sea
it's going to be a high quality video for the time being
the independent
it is true that we must do in the next five years
that's why dough 22 2%
for this first speech in plenary
end of May for five minutes
So here is
gold among others my brain has stopped his sons in what I meant
does he really have to thank everyone
he quoted subscribers
a big thank you to the hammers who have advertised for me
thank all the friends
a luxury
it's a great pleasure
all these beautiful players have registered between marseille
for the only thing i can say is senna knows what
same as I said I'll get me the power not support in flight and that me
I've had
like everyone on the advice of the dr people I said
in one way or another as genius I want I will try to find
something nice thing too much for which takes too much time without
mention and all
decision will start to spark anyway
but a danger I will try to do something to help you
m and that's it
in the eu other than that i can
I was more often than not what I had to say about it
but staying only a few minutes vincent segal bernard
I spoke a little bit 2
Monaco
black by ford by the hour
the percentage is still in favorite spot just called a
he's going out in not long
so to speak like that
and at home simon azoulai really
a man because that's this moment with his future free offer will really be to
to play
for its part the battlefield beta 3 days
I do not want to spend too much time on it
finally to distinguish between the two dates display this scale series call of
duty
according to them alone however I'm happy it's a job that requires
for three months
largely from the ump which as you all know
On the menu
so here I tried it's a little bit of the pop star
for you to apply the benefits of her dress with bats Wales
they are a thousand times only
year - mainfroi consorts I'm just going to flee claiming to believe I'm trying to
make
he passes two ahead
for this game
for flamengo what you're entertaining
here is a name that could be a gesture of anti-game for this game
it's a simple shock
there I really rejoice 1 so I arrived at the beginning he was a little
little hesitant but
and the inhabitants can play they told me it was good
e and
for me the size for fraud research
it's really not that bad and I think it's my part 3,600 dead in
2009 if we look at the stage in this stage of the tournament
a menu and I'm pretty happy besides confirming that this idea
of course change things
because he's not against this policeman are not good as I say all the
hearty weather for the star with years and armpits
what is needed for paris
a man again great thank you he added and that's do not forget him
but the video of bessières
mangin majetel
favorite weapon something
going up the avenue mohamed v
next to 6 to 9 6% new clashes
ahmed malian families
the players all go to the saddle culminates at the next